Add save states, Memories, and Sleep support (#113)
agg23/openfpga-SNES: README.md

Please report any issues encountered to this repo. Most likely any problems are a result of my port, not the original core. Issues will be upstreamed as necessary.

> [!NOTE]
>

> > Save states (Memories) and Sleep are supported for regular carts and DSP, Super FX (GSU) and SA-1 games. CX4, S-DD1, SPC7110 and BSX are not supported. See the Savestates/Memories/Sleep section below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Savestates/Memories/Sleep are supported for regular carts, and the DSP, Super FX (GSU), and SA-1 special chips. CX4, S-DD1, SPC7110, and BSX are not supported. See the Savestates/Memories/Sleep section below.
```

Author: ok

### Savestates/Memories/Sleep

> Save states use the upstream MiSTer save state system: a small helper program (`boot1.rom`, built from [`src/savestates.asm`](https://github.com/MiSTer-devel/SNES_MiSTer/blob/master/src/savestates.asm) upstream) runs on the emulated 65C816 to capture or restore the machine state. The blob is staged in otherwise unused PSRAM, so the game never pauses, and moved through the Pocket's Memories interface.

Reviewer: LLM, why is this here

Author: right, this is user-faced documentation

> Supported: regular LoROM/HiROM/ExHiROM carts, DSP-1/2/3/4, Super FX/GSU and SA-1 games.

Reviewer: Teach your LLM about the Oxford comma

```suggestion
Supported: regular carts and the DSP, Super FX/GSU, and SA-1 special chips.
```

Author: I'll do, but I've never heard of Oxford comma too and I work for international companies since 20 years (ok, I'm not a mother tongue also if my name is Timothy, long story)

> Not supported: CX4, S-DD1, SPC7110 and BSX games (they lack save state support upstream). CX4 games share a bitstream with SA-1, and the Pocket OS has no way to hide the Memories entry per-game, so it still offers Memories on them; saving does nothing and no error is shown. The SPC/S-DD1 bitstream is built without the save state logic entirely.

Reviewer: All of the remaining diff should only be:

```suggestion
Not supported: CX4, S-DD1, SPC7110, BSX games

Sleep requires working savestates. Processing the power button on your Pocket while playing an unsupported cart type will turn off the Pocket while losing your current game state.
```

Reviewer: As a comment on this text; I don't think this is correct. I'm fairly certain we can block sleep on an unsupported savestate.

Author: > As a comment on this text; I don't think this is correct. I'm fairly certain we can block sleep on an unsupported savestate.

nope, you can return "save not supported" (savestate_supported wire), but sleeping is not blocked

I tested it empirically
https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3dda0fbf-79d4-4d2b-9006-8eceb2dbd0bb
